i'm gonna teach you phrases that you can
use when you're meeting people abroad
for example you're at a party and what
you do you're like hi
my name is marina i'm from russia i've
been living in san francisco since 2016
and the person who's listening to you is
already bored
always think about the context like if
i'm at a party and i want to approach
somebody
i'll be like hey my name is marina i'm a
youtuber and i have over a million
followers and that's it
if we're talking about an email you
would not start your email like hey my
name is marina mcgilco
you can say hey this is marina from this
company
this is marina we met at a party
yesterday so when you're meeting
somebody
the first thing you say is hello super
formal right
hello good evening good morning good
afternoon if you want to be more
informal you can say
hey hi or what's up and then you're
stating your name
you can also say my name is marina if
it's informally like hey i'm marina nice
to meet you